SEO looks at the h tags and then determines the importance based on the level of the h tag with h1 being most important and h6 the least. It's extremely important to ensure that the proper order is used for headings and to not use more than one h1 tag. To drive traffic to a site and get good traction it is crucial to properly integrate strong SEO guidelines to ensure a successful site. Not only is it important to optimize technical elements, site content and structure are also top of mind as well as other key pieces including keyword research and backlinks. Combining SEO with site creation, such as UX/UI, clear navigation, information architecture, and good content leads to better performance and higher organic traffic.

Another common tool used for site marketing is Google Analytics which notes what users click on and the pages they're visiting. Google Analytics can be especially useful to track metrics that can be utilized to inform decisions that will improve the user experience and setup. Metrics such as page views, bounce rates, and user demographics help developers make decisions backed by reliable data to support building better sites. For developers, it's extremely important to keep SEO and Google Analytics data in mind when creating a site and to continue to build on the information gathered.

SEO Implementation 

Initially I would identify the keywords and do some research on keywords that would be relevant and would target my specific area. For the pages, I would use headings in the correct order to organize my page content and make sure to add title tags with keywords. I would make sure that my page content is concise and relevant, and that alt text is added for images. Making sure my site is accessible for mobile and other devices as well as using urls that are descriptive will need to be incorporated. Setting up Google Analytics to track users and performance is also crucial and can be used to continuously monitor the site through additional incorporated tools like Looker Studio. I would also make sure that social media is used and linked and building backlinks to the site. 